Add section on exporting members in usage (#6006)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/interop/js-interop/mock.md

`@JSExport` allows you to declare a class that can be used in
`createJSInteropWrapper`. `createJSInteropWrapper` will create an object literal
that maps each of the class' instance member names (or renames) to a JS

> callback, which is created using [`Function.toJS`]. This JS callback then calls
> the instance member when called. In the above example, getting and setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
callback, which is created using [`Function.toJS`]. When called, the JS callback will in turn call
the instance member. In the above example, getting and setting
```
